•	A 250-500-word paper summarizing the following:
•	 Statistical/Hypothetical Question
o	Outcome of your EDA
o	What do you feel was missed during the analysis?
o	Were there any variables you felt could have helped in the analysis?
o	Were there any assumptions made you felt were incorrect?
o	What challenges did you face, what did you not fully understand?

My statistical question for this term project was “Are Taller NBA players more successful?” I found a dataset that helped me focused on comparing players’ skills to the league standard and/or average. I found this to be the best route to answering this question because in the sport of basketball, success could defined in many ways depending on the situation. In my findings, I found that most of the taller players play at or below the league average. Based on my analysis, I would say that taller NBA players are not more successful. 
Looking back on the work that I completed, I wish I could go back and look into more variables as well as try to look more at defensive features versus offensive features. I should have done more research to understand the most popular skills of NBA players that get noticed and create a long-lasting career. I think an analysis of players based on their offensive and defensive skills separately might have had a different outcome. While working on this project there were some challenges that I faced. One thing I didn’t understand and wish I did better on was having more variety in my variables. I tried to work on the final project a little bit each week. Instead of looking at the project as a whole, I just picked some variables and started working on that single piece of the project. So, I think it was hard to try and find the story within the data later on when I needed to combine everything because I reused a lot of the same variables. Another challenge I faced was finding the correct threshold for each of the important variables. This challenge ties into the previous one a little bit. I had to do a lot of research on the league average is since, there is no simple answer or way to measure success. I sometimes had to find a threshold based on multiple sources or accept someone else’s opinion. All in All,  I am proud of my work but, I know I still have some growing and learning to do in my data science career. 
